release note for azure cli 2.66.0 (#4727)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/release-notes-azure-cli.md

### ARM

* `az bicep publish`: Remove preview flag from `--with-source` parameter
* `az data-boundary show`: Add command to support getting the data boundary at a specified scope
* `az data-boundary show-tenant`: Add command to support getting the data boundary at a tenant level
* `az data-boundary create`: Add command to support creating tenant to data boundary
* `az bicep generate-params`: Fix the help message for `--include-params` parameter
* `az bicep/deployment/stack`: Conditionally enable invariant globalization for Bicep running inside the Azure CLI docker image

### Backup

* `az backup restore restore-disks`: Add support for enabling Disk access settings for managed VM restores

### Compute

* `az vmss create/update`: Add new parameter `--skuprofile-vmsizes` to specify a list of VM sizes to use with VMSS Instance Mix
* `az vmss create/update`: Add new parameter `--skuprofile-allocation-strategy` to update the allocation strategy for VMSS Instance Mix

### Container app

* Fix #30053: `az containerapp update`: Fix polling
* `az containerapp env create`: Hide `--dapr-instrumentation-key` parameter
* `az containerapp env update`: Support to update `--dapr-connection-string`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Core

* `aaz`: Support managed identity
* Resolve CVE-2024-6119
* Resolve CVE-2024-5535
* Resolve CVE-2024-4741
* Resolve CVE-2024-4603
* Resolve CVE-2024-2511
* Use MSAL for Cloud Shell authentication

```

* `az netappfiles volume replication`: Add new commands `peer-external-cluster`, `authorize-external-replication`, `perform-replication-transfer`, `finalize-external-replication`
* `az netappfiles volume create`: Add new parameters `--external-host-name` ,`--external-server-name`, `--external-volume-name`
* `az netappfiles volume update`: Add new parameters `--external-host-name` ,`--external-server-name`, `--external-volume-name`
* `az netappfiles volume update`: Parameters `--backup-id` and `--snapshot-id` now accept only full Azure ResourceIds and no longer support GUIDs

### Network

* `az network vnet`: Add `--private-endpoint-vnet-policies` parameter
* `az network private-link-service`: Add `--destination-ip-address` parameter
* `az network application-gateway waf-policy managed-rule rule-set add/update`: Support sensitivity for `--rule` parameter
* `az network private-dns link vnet`: Support resolution policy for virtual network link
* `az network application-gateway waf-policy managed-rule rule-set add/update`: Add allowed value `1.1` for `--version`
* Fix #29911: `az network public-ip update`: IP tags crash with AttributeError

### Profile

> * `az login`: Passing the service principal certificate with `--password` is deprecated and will be removed by version 2.74. Please use `--certificate` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `az login`: Passing the service principal certificate with `--password` is deprecated and will be removed in version 2.67.0. Please use `--certificate` instead.
```
